Dear reviewers,
​
We are happy to submit the revised version of our paper for
consideration for publication at PLDI'23.
The reviewers' comments were very helpful, and we tried to implement
both the required revisions as well as many of the other suggestions.
We believe that the comments helped us substantially improve the paper.
​
Attached are our revised paper (including appendices where some of the
mandatory revisions happen) and a diff generated by latexdiff.
​
The main changes we made for this revision are listed below. Please
refer to the latexdiff version for other minor changes.

We note that, due to the technical difficulty, we didn't ask latexdiff to diff between figures and typing rules. We will note that only Figure 6 and Figure 7 changes.


​
## Required revisions

* **Highlight and Modify the Limitation Section**
    Limitation has become our new Section 5. We include the salient limitation we spot and the reviewers pointed out.

    `revision.pdf` Line 613
    `diff.pdf` Line 625
​
* **Improve the presentation in Section 5**
    Section 5 has become Section 6. We have use more standard notations for substitution and function application, and we use named variable alone.
    `revision.pdf` Line 627
    `diff.pdf` Line 639

* **A Fake Agda proof is not friendly to the audience**
    We have rewritten all of the (fake-)Agda proof in the form of more conventional mathematics, provided in the appendix. We also provide more explanation on
    <!-- and emphasize the indispensibility of 
          (but that sentence is not commented out in the latex) -->
    the debruijn indices, universe level and explicit substitution in the appendix for the interested audience. We include a table for all aspects of differences related to sections about FMLTT.

  |                          | General   | Debruijn Index | Explicit Subst | Universe  |
  |--------------------------|-----------|----------------|----------------|-----------|
  | revision.pdf             | Line 627  | Removed        | Removed        | Line 681  |
  | diff.pdf                 | Line 639  | Line 670       | Line 670       | Line 710  |
  | appendix/blindtr.pdf     | Line 1177 | Line 1269      | Line 1269      | Line 1286 |

* **More Introduction for W-type**
    In Section 6, we provide more details about the relationship between W-type and conventional inductive type, and how the former can encode latter.

    `revision.pdf` Line 727
    `diff.pdf` Line 721

* **Connection to work on ML-style modules [DCH 2003, DR 2008]**
    We have add a paragraph about comparison to ML-style modules in related work.

    `revision.pdf` Line 1011
    `diff.pdf` Line 1072

* **Highlight a section for Trusted base**
    We have add one section about the current trusted base of our plugin

    `revision.pdf` Line 606
    `diff.pdf` Line 617
 



## Other changes
