Dear reviewers,

We are happy to submit the revised version of our paper for
consideration for publication at PLDI'23.
The reviewers' comments were immensely helpful, and we tried to implement
the required revisions as well as many other suggestions.
We believe that the comments helped us substantially improve the paper.

Attached are our revised paper (including appendices) and a diff generated by latexdiff.
The main changes we made for this revision are listed below. Please
refer to the latexdiff version for other minor changes including those suggested in the reviews.
Please note that for technical difficulties we had to exclude Figures 6–8
for latexdiff to work.


## Changes proposed in our response

* **State the current limitations**

  We add a new section (Section 5) commenting on the current limitations, including those identified by the reviewers.

  `revision.pdf` Line 613  
  `diff.pdf` Line 625

* **Remark on the trusted base of FPOP developments**

  We add a paragraph at the end of Section 4.

  `revision.pdf` Line 606  
  `diff.pdf` Line 617

## Main changes suggested by the reviewers

* **Improve the presentation in the FMLTT section**

  The main changes to this section are the following:

  - As suggested by the reviewers, the presentation in this section now
    consistently uses the more accessible notations for binders and
    substitutions, namely named variables and substitutions as
    meta-operations.
    
    For exactness of technical details, the technical appendix uses de Bruijn
    indices and explicit substitutions, and also makes universe levels explicit.
    We also include explanations of these notations in the appendix.
  
  - We explain W-types in greater detail and include an example showing how
    the `tm` inductive type can be expressed.

    `revision.pdf` Line 727  
    `diff.pdf` Line 721
  
  - We explain $\mathbb{P}(\cdot)$ in greater detail:
    we give the concrete constructions of $\mathbb{P}(\sigma_i)$ in Figure 8
    and elaborate on the technical role that $\mathbb{P}(\cdot)$ plays in Appendix A.2.

    `revision.pdf` Line 839  
    `diff.pdf`  Line 879  
    `appendix/blindtr.pdf` Line 1444
  
  - Appendix A.4 now contains the detailed construction of the
    logical-relations model that we use to prove consistency and canonicity.
    It subsumes the proofs in the original supplemental material. The
    technical content is still quite involved, but we hope that the presentation
    is now more accessible than the original pseudo-Agda proofs.

  <!-- and emphasize the indispensibility of 
          (but that sentence is not commented out in the latex) 
     We include a table for all aspects of differences related to sections about FMLTT.

  |                          | General   | Debruijn Index | Explicit Subst | Universe  |
  |--------------------------|-----------|----------------|----------------|-----------|
  | revision.pdf             | Line 627  | Removed        | Removed        | Line 681  |
  | diff.pdf                 | Line 639  | Line 670       | Line 670       | Line 710  |
  | appendix/blindtr.pdf     | Line 1177 | Line 1269      | Line 1269      | Line 1286 |
  -->

<!--
* **Add discussions on ML-style modules**

    We add a paragraph at the end of the related work section.

    `revision.pdf` Line 1011  
    `diff.pdf` Line 1072
  -->
